[MUSIC]
In this module we'll talk
about Arduino shields.
The shields are a great thing.
The shields are extra hardware
that you can use to extend
the abilities of your Arduino.
You stack these shields
on to your Arduino and
the shield itself's a printed circuit
board, it has lots of circuitry to do
integrating lots of different pieces
of hardware already built in there.
So the Arduino,
when you get a shield, you also get a
library that you can use with the shield.
And it makes it very easy to extend your
Arduino to do lots of interesting things
that the Arduino all by
itself can never do.
And it makes it very easy to do it.
So, we're gonna go through
some of these shields and
just talk in general about how to
use these shield libraries, and
how to use shield to enhance
the abilities of your Arduino.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]